docs: simplifying content (#35)
valory-xyz/open-aea: docs/agent-oriented-development.md

# Agent-oriented development

This section introduces concepts and characteristics of agent-based systems and 
problem-solving approaches. At the end of this section the reader will know how 
problems can be contextualized in a way that allows them to be addressed by 
agent-based systems, and possess the necessary knowledge to start working on 
the design and implementation of agent-based solutions to real world problems.

## Decentralisation

Allowing for direct peer-to-peer communication makes Multi-Agent Systems 
(**MAS**) inherently decentralized. This contrasts conventional systems design, 

> such as that of the client-server model, where clients rely on message relay 
> services provided by an intermediary. That does not imply that facilitators of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as that of the client-server model, where clients rely on a central point of authority, through which all interactions happen and on which full trust has to be placed. That does not imply that facilitators of 
```
```suggestion
such as that of the client-server model, where clients rely on message relay 
services provided by an intermediary. That does not imply that facilitators of 
```

services and middlemen have no place in a multi-agent system; rather it is the 
notion of a '_commanding reliance on middlemen_' that is rejected.   

> **Division of responsibilities:** In a decentralised system every agent is equally privileged and (in principle) able to interact with any other agent. Without a central authority that provides the services needed to mediate agent interactions, hosting these becomes part of the agents' responsibility. An example hereof is the access to a registry of contact addresses that is normally maintained by a service provider. Without any form of government, however, a central database that can be updated at the sole discretion of any individual agent is easily corrupted. A system in which every agent is only responsible for maintaining their own set of records is also problematic, since errors and the asynchronous execution of events inevitably leads to a situation in which agents possess different versions of the record. Instead, agents must share responsibility over the state of records and do so by maintaining a local copy of it and periodically synchronizing this state by requiring consensus to be achieved over it.

Reviewer: We lost the direct connection to DLT/blockchain on rhs which I think is unfortunate

Author: agreed, putting it back in

## Conflicting Environment

As discussed above, the notion of decentralisation extends as far as ownership and control. Therefore, the different components that make up a decentralised system may each be owned by a different entity, designed according to very different principles and standards, with heterogeneous software and hardware, and each with internal objectives that may be fundamentally inconsistent, worse yet contradictory, with those of others. 

> As such, a distinctive characteristic of a multi-agent environment, is that it is inhabited by more than one agent (as the name suggests), where each agent may be owned potentially by a different stakeholder (individual, company, government). Since by design, each agent represents and looks after the interests of its owner(s), and because different stakeholders may have unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory interests, it is very common to have multi-agent systems in which the agents' objectives, values and preferences are unaligned, conflicting, or contradictory.

Reviewer: I like some of the explicitness in this para. Could be moved up into the first part

Author: rewritten and included
